docs(CONTRIBUTING.md): improve nodejs.dev contribution guidelines (#2954)
nodejs/nodejs.dev: CONTRIBUTING.md

  ```bash
  git clone git@github.com:<GITHUB_ID>/nodejs.dev.git # SSH
  gh repo clone <GITHUB_ID>/nodejs.dev # GitHub CLI
  git clone https://github.com/<GITHUB_ID>/nodejs.dev.git # HTTPS
  ```

3. Change into the nodejs.dev directory.

  ```bash
  cd nodejs.dev
  ```

4. Create a remote for keeping your fork as well as your local clone up-to-date.

  ```bash
  git remote add upstream git@github.com:nodejs/nodejs.dev.git
  ```

5. Create a new branch for your work.

  ```bash
  git checkout -b name-of-your-branch
  ```

6. Run the following to install the dependencies and start a local preview of your work.

  ```bash
  npm install # installs this project's dependencies
  npm start # starts a preview of your local changes
  ```

7. Perform a merge to sync your current branch with the upstream branch.

 ```bash
git fetch upstream
git merge upstream/main
```

8. Run `npm test` to confirm that tests, linting, and formatting are passing. See [here](#-debugging-failing-checks) to fix failures. Ensure that your tests are passing before making a PR.

```bash
npm test
```

9. Once you're happy with your changes, add and commit them to your branch,
then push the branch to your fork.

>     ```sh

Reviewer: bash instead of sh

>     ```sh

Author: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

>     ```sh

Author: ```suggestion
    ```bash
```

    cd ~/nodejs.dev
    git add .

>     git commit

Reviewer: probably want to do `git commit -m "some message"` so newer devs don't get stuck in vim

>     git commit

Author: ```suggestion
    git commit -m "some message"
```

# Contributing guide

Thank you for your interest in contributing to [nodejs.dev](https://nodejs.dev). Before you proceed, briefly go through the following:

  [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/nodejs/node/blob/HEAD/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

* [🚀 Getting started](#-getting-started)
  * [Vocabulary](#vocabulary)
  * [📝 Commit message guidelines](#-commit-message-guidelines)
  * [📜 Pull Request Policy](#-pull-request-policy)
    * [Before merging](#before-merging)
    * [When merging](#when-merging)
  * [Becoming a collaborator](#becoming-a-collaborator)
  * [🐛 Debugging failing checks](#-debugging-failing-checks)
  * [Developer's Certificate of Origin 1.1](#developers-certificate-of-origin-11)
  * [Remarks](#remarks)

## 🚀 Getting started

1. Click the fork button in the top right to clone the [nodejs.dev repo][]

> 2. Clone your fork using SSH, GitHub CLI, or HTTPS. Assuming that your GitHub username is jane, do the following:

Author: That's what this line is for, but I get your point. I'll revise it

  ```bash

>   git clone git@github.com:jane/nodejs.dev.git # SSH

Reviewer 2: Indeed, who is Jane? 🤔

>   git clone git@github.com:jane/nodejs.dev.git # SSH

Author: Doe 😂

  ```

5. Create a new branch for your work.

  ```bash
  git checkout -b name-of-your-branch
  ```

6. Run the following to install the dependencies and start a local preview of your work.

  ```bash
  npm install # installs this project's dependencies
  npm start # starts a preview of your local changes
  ```

7. Perform a merge to sync your current branch with the upstream branch.

 ```bash
git fetch upstream
git merge upstream/main
```

8. Run `npm test` to confirm that tests, linting, and formatting are passing. See [here](#-debugging-failing-checks) to fix failures. Ensure that your tests are passing before making a PR.

```bash
npm test
```

9. Once you're happy with your changes, add and commit them to your branch,
then push the branch to your fork.

    ```sh
    cd ~/nodejs.dev
    git add .
    git commit
    git push -u origin name-of-your-branch
    ```

10. Create a Pull Request. See [PR Policy](#-pull-request-policy)

> **Note**: Go through our [Commit](#-commit-message-guidelines) and Pull Request(#-pull-request-policy) guidelines outlined below.

## 📝 Commit message guidelines

This project follows the [Conventional Commits][] specification.

Basic rules:

> * Commit messages must be prefixed with the name of the changed subsystem, followed by a colon and a space, and start with an imperative verb. Check the output of `git log --oneline files/you/changed` to find out what subsystems your changes touch. For example:

Reviewer: This is not enforced and can probably go away.

> * Commit messages must be prefixed with the name of the changed subsystem, followed by a colon and a space, and start with an imperative verb. Check the output of `git log --oneline files/you/changed` to find out what subsystems your changes touch. For example:
> `
> fix(index.js): fix non-responsive navbar
> docs(CONTRIBUTING.md): correct typo errors
> `

Author: ```suggestion
```
* Remove non-enforced instruction

## 📜 Pull Request Policy

### Before merging

* Pull Requests must be open for at least 48 hours unless changes include errata fixes, infrastructure maintenance, or tests.
* There must be no objections after 48 hours.
* Tests must be included in Pull Requests for new features or bug fixes. If any test(s) are failing, you are responsible for fixing them.

Each contribution is accepted only if there is no objection to it by a collaborator. During the review, collaborators may request that a specific contributor who is an expert in a particular area give an "LGTM" before the PR can be merged.

In the case that an objection is raised in a pull request by another collaborator, all collaborators involved should try to arrive at a consensus by addressing the concerns through discussion, compromise, or withdrawal of the proposed change(s).

### When merging

> * Do not use the **merge** option

Reviewer: This can also go away. The only option that exists now is squash and merge. Rebasing and merge and a merge commit are disabled in this repo now.

Author: ```suggestion
```

  including my sign-off) is maintained indefinitely and may be redistributed consistent
  with this project or the open source license(s) involved.

## Remarks

> If something is missing here, or you feel something is not well described, feel free to create a PR.

Reviewer: Create an issue before to discuss the issue before creating a PR

> If something is missing here, or you feel something is not well described, feel free to create a PR.

Author: ```suggestion
If something is missing here, or you feel something is not well described, feel free to open an [issue](https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs.dev/issues) to discuss it.
```
